📖 Add code of conduct (#98)
rancher-sandbox/rancher-turtles: code-of-conduct.md

# Kubernetes Community Code of Conduct

> Please refer to [Kubernetes Community Code of Conduct](https://git.k8s.io/community/code-of-conduct.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a project we follow the [Kubernetes Community Code of Conduct](https://git.k8s.io/community/code-of-conduct.md)
```
